x Habit screen - week view - top and bottom of "today" circle cut off
x Habit screen - montly view - "today" circle spacing to close to other circles due to increased size. Makes spacing look odd
x Habit screen - quarterly view - "today" circle increase sized makes it too close to other circles.
x Habit screen - keyboard shortcuts not appearing on short cut key. Change shortcut to ?
x Habit screen - any view - flicker when logging a habit, also decrementing counter
x Today view - mood select - needs more options. Mood icon should change to reflect what mood was chosen
x Today view - weather select - needs more options. Weather icon should change to reflect what weather was chosen
x Today view - location select - needs more options. location icon should change to reflect what location was chosen
x Today view - pending task should be changed to overdue tasks. This should match the behavior of the overdue tasks section of the TUI
x Today view - text of entries not aligned with the symbol
x Today view - cancel an entry, undo the cancel, the entry type is always a task should go back to original type
x Today view - Lets talk about how focus should work between the "Today" section and "what's on your mind". Clicking on things does the unexpected.
x Today view - The top entry of the "Today" section is highlighted and the highlight never moves (see above)
x CI build is failing
x This Week view should be changed to past week view
x Today view - location select - need to be able to add new locations to the list
x Monthly goals - need to be able to migrate a goal to another month. Migrate goal should still appear in it's orginial month but marked as migrated.
x Monthly goals - need to be able to edit an entry.
x Monthly goals - need to be able to cancel an entry.
x Add overview tasks view in sidebar. This should work like the overdue secion in the TUI view. Optional context, collapsable etc
x Today view - click on a task should not mark it as complete. It should hightlight the row and move focus. Task can be marked as completed by pressing "tick". You need to be able to untick a task.
x Past Week view - click on a task should not mark it as complete. It should hightlight the row and move focus. Task can be marked as completed by pressing "tick". You need to be able to untick a task.
x Past Week view - need to be able to move backwards and forwards in time.
x Past Week  view - it is still showing the future.
x Past Week view  - change name to Review
x list view - need to be able to (un)cancel list items.
x list view - need to be able to move items between lists.
x list view - clicking on an item should not mark as complete. There needs to be a separate tick/untick icon
x goals view - clicking on an item should not mark as complete. There needs to be a separate tick/untick icon
x overdue view - by default list only the tasks. Clicking on a task should show it's context. Tasks need a tick/untick icon
x In general - just click on an item should not change it's state, user should not be able to accidently complete something.
x Change "Past Week" view to "Review"
x Search results: clicking on a search result should show it's context. Should be able to do all the actions on an entry on the search page.
x remove search entries... box from the header
. Let's revamp the documentation, readme should be shorter and link to specific pages for cli, tui and frontend.
. need to think about how the app refreshes. The database can be updated by the CLI / TUI and the Frontend does not change. Some sort of optimistic locking maybe?
x Today view - use unicode characters to indicate entry types (see tui and bujo today). The entry text is not aligned with the entry type. The should be vertical centre aligned
x CI build failing
x Today/Review view - chose a better icon for un-complete icon, it should be the . we use to represent a task
x Rename overdue as outstanding tasks
x Make sure icons are consistent across all views
. Update architecture document, remove out of date documents if they are no longer relevant
x in search results you need all the action actions for an entry migrate, cancel, done, etc (and their undo as well)
x outstanding tasks you need all the action actions for an entry migrate, cancel, done, etc (and their undo as well)
x the orange highlighting does not work well with mouse. Make keyboard usage sensible.
x all views should use indentation as appropriate to show hieracy. Search results is not doing this
x choose a better icon for cycle priority a ! maybe
x alerttriangle is not an appropriate icon for outstanding tasks
x today/review view - right click on entry give you the option to add a child or move to root
x all views - need keyboard shortcuts for all actions, shortcuts should be consistent across all views
x look for any other occurances of issue 45 and address them
x all view - indicate viually that there is context to show if there is context to show if it is not being shown
x ! icon is not vertically aligned with the other actions
x cancelled entry is not struck through on search results view. Check cancelled entries are struck through everywhere
x verify how questions & answers should work. Add Outstanding questions view to sidebar
x remove red colour from overdue tasks
x outstanding tasks logic seems screwy. The date they are shown under should be the date the were created. Jan 18 is showing lots of entries and I don't know why. Is it showing goals as well - i should only show tasks?
x Search View (and maybe others) - click cycle priority does nothing. Check all actions do something!
x Cannot change type on Today view and probably review review
x The action icons should stay in the same places. Use empty placeholders for icons that are missing.
. Complete work on file upload / drag and drop
x Outstanding questions view is not working. I have an outstanding question and I cannot see it.
. Context indicator is showing, but clicking on it does not show the context
